oin our team of 7 full-stack software engineers and take on responsibility for innovating in our field - Finance and Administration.

Using agile methodologies, you'll work in small teams on 3-6 month software development projects that provide real value to end users, our clients' 6,500 employees and your 80 HTM colleagues.

You'll work closely with end users to fully understand their requirements, get direct feedback for bug fixes and new features, and receive appreciation for your work.

As an experienced software engineer, you'll manage and take ownership of projects. You'll also help teammates develop their software development and leadership skills.

3 projects our engineers are working on:

Automating back-office information processing and reporting using artificial intelligence. This includes:
Online systems that interact with and guide users through information submission, preparing complex regulatory filings, and making sense of their data.
Text recognition for automation of vendor invoice and employee expense processing.
Automation of reconciling customer invoices against bank payments.
Building a custom order processing system and online retail shop for a client. This project requires:
Knowledge of the client's product, process, and people.
Researching and choosing technologies.
Integrating the order processing system with the online shop, logistics provider's inventory system, client's global CRM, and HTM's accounting system.
Teamwork with HTM process designers and the client's country manager.
Building HTM's task management and work visibility system. This system enables our people to manage their own workday by seeing what needs to be done and choosing how they will contribute. Also, it enables clients to have visibility of what is being done at HTM, reducing uncertainty. This project requires:
Systems and design thinking - The ability to understand interconnectivity between teams at HTM, clients, government agencies, and banks.
Database design
User interface design that balances ease of use with quality of information presented.
Stack and tools

Our stack is made up of C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL, RESTFUL API’s, Javascript, and Vue/Vuex. We develop using the latest version of Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code, handle source control through SVN, and run our projects on windows servers maintained in-house. With tools like Reporting Services, Tableau, Access, Visio, Balsamiq and Adobe XD we do analysis, design, and prototyping.

Requirements

Excellent communication skills in written and verbal English
3+ years professional experience
BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.
Knowledge of database design and management
Experience in Japan
A high degree of curiosity



As 